메뉴얼 페이지의 번역 저작권 #

한글 Manpage 프로젝트에 등록되어 있는 모든 번역 메뉴얼 페이지의 저작권은 원본(영문판)의 권리를 그대로 따릅니다. 한글 Manpage 프로젝트에서는 추가적인 제한을 두지 않습니다. 다만, 번역을 함으로 발생되는 이차적인 권리에 대해서는 아래와 같이 정합니다. 

1. 번역자가 명시된 번역 메뉴얼 페이지의 번역 저작권은 번역자가 갖는 것을 원칙으로 합니다. 
2. 번역자가 명시되지 않은 번역 메뉴얼 페이지의 경우, 해당 페이지의 번역 저작권은 한글 Manpage 프로젝트에 있습니다. 
3. 한글 Manpage 프로젝트에서 패키지 형태로 배포하는 아카이브의 경우, 해당 아카이브의 저작권은 한글 Manpage 프로젝트에 있습니다. 
4. 위에 나열한 경우에 해당되더라도, 문서의 수정/재배포에는 제한을 두지 않습니다. 다만, 수정/재배포되는 경우 해당 메뉴얼 페이지의 출처가 한글 Manpage 프로젝트라는 것을 명시하여 이후 발생되는 피드백이 한글 Manpage 프로젝트로 보내지도록 해야합니다. 

면책 #

이 사이트 상의 문서 중에는 기술적인 오류나 오역으로 인한 잘못된 정보가 포함될 가능성이 있습니다. 하지만, 이러한 경우라도 한글 Manpage 프로젝트에서는 어떠한 보증도 하지 않습니다. 만약 잘못된 정보가 있다면 관리자나 홈페이지에 알려주시기 바랍니다. 또한, 이 사이트의 문서들은 문서의 오류 수정 등으로 인해 사전 예고 없이 수정, 삭제, 혹은 이동될 수 있습니다.

Translated Copyright Man Page 
The copyrights of all translated manpages in the Korean Manpage Project are inherited from copyright of the original English. There are no additional restrictions on the Korean Manpage Project. However, the secondary right which could be incurred on the translation is as follows: 

1.Copyright of translated man  page specified by translator is owned by the translator.

2.Copyright of translated man  page unspecified by translator is owned by the Korean Manpage Project. 

3.For archives distributed as packages in the Korean Manpage Project, copyright of the archive is owned by the Korean Manpage Project.  

4.Even if the cases listed above, there are no restrictions on the modification or redistribution of document. If the document is modified or redistributed it must specify the source of appropriate manpage is from Koren Manpage Project so that the feedback has to be sent to the Korean Manpage Project. 
 
Exception 
It is possible the documents on this site may contain false information due to  a technical error or mistranslation. However, Korean Manpage Project does not guarantee anything even in this case. If there is false information, please let administrator know or report the error to the appropriate place on the homepage. The documents of this site are subject to change, delete, or move without notice due to error correction of the documents.  
